for a lot of children this is the first
week of summer vacation so last week I
asked parents whose kids were out of
school to pull a prank on those kids I
asked him to wake their kids up very
early tell them they're late for school
and then post a video on YouTube and
sure enough a lot of you did did you
late for school
well you late for school gonna miss the
first day of school
straight away go to the school wait
it's time you get up you gotta get ready
for school yeah what school a school
there's not a funny joke
you wake up Jimmy says you have to go to
school Jimmy says you have to go to
school baby
Joshua you gonna miss the bus gonna be
late for school already
we're in August we're August 15 it's
already time for school it's Jude
we pass you yeah in July Diane you're
late for school it's already 9:30 you
better get up come on it's time to get
up
[Music]
[Applause]
and I think it's nice that hey it's nice
for your children to have these moments
on tape so they can have something to
show their therapist in 20 years